Adds v1.11.1.md release notes (#6555)
dapr/dapr: docs/release_notes/v1.11.1.md

# Dapr 1.11.1

> 

Reviewer: Please add a list of all fixes here, as a list of links. E.g:

```markdown
- (#fixed-an-issue-with-service-invocation...)[Fixed an issue with Service Invocation on Kubernetes clusters with the permission enforcement admission controller enabled.]
```

## Fixed an issue with Service Invocation on Kubernetes clusters with the permission enforcement admission controller enabled.

### Problem

Updating Dapr from 1.10 to 1.11 on Kubernetes clusters gives the following error
when using Service Invocation:

```
unable to create Dapr service for wrapper, service: test/test-dapr, err:
services \"test-dapr\" is forbidden: cannot set blockOwnerDeletion if an
ownerReference refers to a resource you can't set finalizers on:
```

### Impact

> Since v1.11.0 Service Invocation on a subset of Kubernetes clusters is unusable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v1.11.0 Service Invocation on Kubernetes clusters which have the permission enforcement admission controller enabled is unusable.

This is particularly problematic when for OpenShift clusters, as they have this admission controller enabled by default.
```

### Root cause

When using the permission enforcement admission controller on Kubernetes,
Service Invocation fails because the operator is unable to create or update

> Services. This is particularly problematic when for OpenShift clusters as they
> have this admission controller enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Services.
```

### Solution

> Give the operator RBAC permissions to update Deployment and StatefulSet
> finalizers, as well as delete services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We updated the Kubernetes RBAC permissions used by the Dapr Operator.
```

## Fixed a Goroutine leak in Actor reminders and timers.

### Problem

> The Daprd sidecar process would increase in memory over time when using Actor
> reminders and timers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The daprd sidecar process would increase in memory over time when using Actor
reminders and timers.
```

### Impact

> Using Actor reminders and timers in v1.11.0, Daprd's memory consumption would
> continuously grow overtime, leading to OOM kills or underutilized nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Actor reminders and timers in Dapr 1.11.0 and earlier could cause a goroutine leak that would grow over time.
This could cause increase CPU utilization and/or memory exhaustion.
```

### Root cause

> Goroutines were not being cleaned up when reminders and timers were fired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Goroutines were not being cleaned up when reminders and timers fired or were stopped.
```

### Solution

Goroutines are now cleaned up when reminders and timers are fired.

## MongoDB Actor State Store: Fixed an issue with storing Actor Reminders

### Problem

Actor Reminders without data were stored incorrectly and the empty (null) data was subsequently interpreted as a string value. Everytime an Actor Reminder was updated it reencoded the existing encoding, causing exponential growth in ActorReminder data leading up to the MongoDB document size limit. Other problems include the incorrect storage of the actor reminder period.

### Impact

> Since v1.10.5 (and also in v1.11.0), Actor Reminders used with MongoDB as Actor State Store were effectively unusable. While some reminders written or updated with affected versions may work, all reminders written with the impacted versions should be considered unrecoverable as some reminder data will have been lost or corrupted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v1.10.5 (and also in v1.11.0), Actor Reminders used with MongoDB as Actor State Store were impacted by this bug. While some reminders written or updated with affected versions may work, all reminders written with the impacted versions should be considered unrecoverable as some reminder data may have been corrupted.
```

Reviewer 2: That's already in 1.10 release notes by the way as it was written by me.

### Root cause

> In 1.10.5 we addressed several actor reminder performance problems through a significant refactor.
> We updated the way Actor Reminders are serialized and stored in actor state stores, relying on JSON serialization using
> a custom JSON Marshal function. This worked great for all actor state stores except for MongoDB which insists on BSON serialization
> instead of JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The issue was related to the usage of BSON as data serialization format for MongoDB. Due to changes in the Dapr runtime introduced in version 1.10.5, reminders data and periods were incorrectly serialized in BSON format.
```

Reviewer 2: Please also double check this suggestion in 1.10 release notes.

### Solution

> We implemented a custom BSON Marshal function for our Actor Reminder struct so that the MongoDB state store can correctly serialize ActorReminder data.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We addressed the issues with serializing actor reminder data in BSON format for MongoDB.
```

> ## Fixed Dapr being unable to obtain the authentication token when using Managed Identity of Azure Web App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fixed Dapr being unable to obtain the authentication token when using Managed Identity inside Azure App Service
```

### Problem

> When using Managed Identity of Azure Web App, Dapr errors with the following
> "failed to create Azure Storage container myContainer: ChainedTokenCredential:
> failed to acquire a token."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Managed Identity inside Azure Web Apps (Azure App Service), Dapr shows the following error:

> ChainedTokenCredential: failed to acquire a token.
```

### Impact

> Since v1.11.0, Daprd is unable to authenticate with Azure services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v1.11.0, Dapr is unable to authenticate with Azure services using Managed Identity on Azure App Service.
```

### Root cause

> The Azure MSI authentication library's timeout was too small, leading to
> authentication failure before the token could be obtained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authentication library's timeout for obtaining a token using Managed Identity on Azure App Service was too small, leading to
authentication failure before the token could be obtained.
```

### Solution

> Dapr will now discover whether it is running in Azure Web App, and applies an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dapr will now discover whether it is running in Azure App Service, and applies an
```

appropriate timeout for the authentication method.

> ## Fixed a problem where SQL Server keys could not be overwritten once set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fixed a problem where keys could not be overwritten once set in Microsoft SQL Server (and Azure SQL)
```

### Problem

> Dapr would error when attempting to overwrite a TTL enabled key in SQL Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dapr would error when attempting to overwrite a TTL-enabled key in Microsoft SQL Server.
```

### Impact

> Since v1.10.0, clients could not overwrite TTL enabled keys in the SQL Server
> state store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v1.10.0, clients could not overwrite TTL-enabled keys in the Microsoft SQL Server
state store.
```

### Root cause

> A condition in the SQL Server Set procedure meant TTL enabled keys could never
> be written to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A condition in the Microsoft SQL Server Set procedure meant TTL-enabled keys could never
be written to.
```

### Solution

> Fix the condition to allow TTL enabled keys to be overwritten.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix the condition to allow TTL-enabled keys to be overwritten.
```
